heats of formation deleted the major problem with this is that the reaction takes place in an acid solution. pbso4 is soluble in an acid solution and will not precipitate out. also, h2so4 is in a water solution as 2h30 and so4--. thus the heats of formation of pbso4 and h2so4 are for the most part irrelevant. as it turns out the reaction is indeed exothermic heat producing. more about this later. what actually happens to make the battery completely useless is this were talking lead-acid batteries of course the battery slowly self discharges. as this discharge takes place two things happen. -the level of pb ions in the acid solution increases i.e. the lead and lead oxide plates are dissolved. -the level of h30 ions in the acid solution decreases i.e. the solution becomes less acidic, or more like water if you like. now, as the post to which i am responding correctly stated, pbso4 will precipitate in a water non-acid solution. when the battery dies i.e. is fully discharged we end up with a high concentration of pb and so4-- in water. so pbso4 forms in the solution and falls to the bottom of the battery of course this happens in varying degrees, the more discharged, the more precipitate forms. the precipitate forms a conductive layer on the bottom of the battery. if there is enough of the lead and lead oxide plates left to touch the precipitate more common in a newer battery a dead short results. i have seen products in automotive shops to correct this condition, but they are for the most part useless. they can dissolve the pbso4 but cannot restore the lead and lead oxide plates properly. you may have some success with these products for a newer battery. stuff deleted stuff deleted this stuff is just made up by the author and is completely invalid. in fact the discharge reaction takes place at a higher rate at higher temperatures. a logical consequence of the above argument is this if you really want your car to start, lower the battery temperature to -50 to pull the reaction along. we all know from experience at least those of us in canada do it gets cold up here that this is not true. if we want to start our car on a really cold day we warm the battery. besides which, there is not enough energy released through self discharge to appreciably raise the temperature. the air would amply dissipate any such heat, whether the bottom of the battery was insulated or not. this is of course irrelevant, since you would want the battery to be cool during storage.