space station redesign leader says cost goal may be impossible today 46 the washington post ran an article with the headline shown above. the article starts with a leader of the nasa team in charge of redesigning the planned space station said yesterday the job is tough and may be impossible. oconnor is quoted saying whether it is possible to cut costs that much and still provide for meaningful research is a real question for me. oconnor said everything is fair game, including dropping or curtailing existing contracts with the aerospace industry, chopping management of the space station program at some nasa facilities around the country, working closely with the russian space station mir, and using unmanned titan rockets to supplement the manned space shuttle fleet. oconnor says his team has reviewed 30 design options so far, and they are sorting the serious candidates into three categories based on cost. the post says oconnor described the design derived from the current ssf as a high cost option i believe kathy sawyer, the post writer, got confused here. i listened in on part of oconnors briefing to the press on monday, and in one part of the briefing oconnor talked about how the white house wants three options, sorted by cost low, medium, and high. in another part of the briefing, he discussed the three teams he has formed to look at three options ssf derivative  larc, modular buildup with bus-1  msfc, and single launch core wingless orbiter  jsc. later, in response to a reporters question, i thought i heard oconnor say the option based on a ssf redesign was a moderate cost option, in between low  high cost options. not the high cost option as sawyer wrote. the article goes on to describe the other two options as one features modules that could gradually be fitted together in orbit, similar to the russian mir. the other is a core facility that could be deposited in orbit in a single launch, like skylab. that option would use existing hardware from the space shuttle - the fuselage, for example, in its basic structure.