that has not been demonstrated. had he come to trial, there was a very real possibility that koresh would have gotten an acquittal on grounds of self- defense. all survivors of the debacle have sworn that the batf shot first. they rang the doorbell using a concussion grenade! and if the bloody warrants were legal then why were they _sealed_ after the fight started? and if koresh had declared himself a private state and was just daring the govt to go in, then why did he surrender last year to a local sheriff who served a warrant _for_his_arrest_ as opposed to the batf search warrant, which did not include arrest unless violations were found by just calling him up to tell him and then going out to collect him with his squad car? that doesnt sound like a dictator to me, it sounds like someone who knows he has a court battle. things might have gone very differently if the batf _had_ rung the doorbell. this is stupid. that is no paranoid assertion, it is testamony from surviving witnesses, and the batf _has_ no tanks, nor am i aware of either the batf _or_ the fbi using any until yesterday. when they use maximum force they do just what they did that first day that got four officers killed. underarmed? you flabberghast me, they were loaded for bear and every picture shows them wearing bullet-proof vests! they were using concussion grenades and full-auto weapons, what was missing low-yield tac-nukes? this is a transparent attempt to retcon a justification for the ridiculous amount of force used, both initially and yesterday. you should be ashamed. they _had_ a sure-fire method keep them bottled up and talk them to death or surrender without giving him justification for some looney-tune religious stunt. phil, ive been reading your postings for months and im convinced that you will back anything, no matter how damaging it may be to yours or anyone elses rights if you think it will hurt people you dont like. its people with that attitude that set up the preconditions for the holocaust, a process that is in place _now_ in this country, even if the tattered, pitiful remains of the constitution is slowing its progress. this isnt a libertarian issue, others may argue that line, but from a strictly constitutional view of a democratic govt, what the fbi and batf did was wrong, wrong, wrong, even if their _reasons_ for trying to arrest koresh were 100 right. _anything_ that leads to the deaths of 17 children, if nothing else touches your stoney heart, is _wrong_ no matter who pushed the button. for gods sake, man, get your morality back. larry smith smithctron.com no, i dont speak for cabletron. need you ask?