insert deletion of unnecessary quote first of all, god does not take any sort of pleasure from punishing people. he will have mercy on whom he will have mercy and compassion on whom he will have compassion ex 3319. however, if he enjoyed punishing people and sending them to hell, then why would he send jesus to seek and save that which was lost luke 1910? you asked for it. 2 peter 24-ff talks about how those who are ungodly are punished. matthew 2531-46 is also very clear that those who do not righteous in gods eyes will be sent to hell for eternity. 2 thessalonians 16-10 states that those who cause trouble for the disciples will be punished with everlasting destruction and shut out from the presence of the lord. 2 thessalonians 29-12 talks about those who refuse to love the truth being condemned. revelation 216-8 talks about the difference between those who overcomes and those who do not. those who do not, listed in verse 8, will be in the fiery lake of burning sulfur. revelation 149-12 gives the indication that those who follow the beast will be tormented with burning sulfur and there being no rest day or night for them because of it. psalm 917 the wicked return to the grave, all the nations that forget god. i think those should be sufficient to prove the point. joe fisher in the following im mostly playing devils advocate. im not advocating either position. my concern is that people understand that its possible to see these passages in different ways. its possible to see eternal destruction as just that -- destruction. rev often uses the term second death. the most obvious understanding of that would seem to be final extinction. the problem is that the nt speaks both of eternal punishment and of second death. i.e. it uses terms that can be understood either way. my concern here is not to convince you of one view or the other, but to help people understand that theres a wide enough variety of images that its possible to understand them either way. as tom albrecht commented, the primary point is to do our best to keep people out of the eternal fire, whatever the details. to make things more interesting, luke 2035 implies that the damned dont get resurrected at all. presumably they just stay dead. -- yes im aware that its possible to understand this passage in a non-literal way. 2 peter 24-ff is talking about angels, and talks about holding them in hell until the final judgement. this isnt eternal punishement. matthew 2531-46 talks about sending the cursed into eternal fire prepared for the devil and his angels. the fact that the fire is eternal doesnt mean that people will last in its flames forever. particularly interesting is the comment about the fire having been prepared for the devil and his angels. rev 20 and 21 talk about the eternal fire as well. they say that the beast and the false prophet will be tormented forever in it. when talking about people being thrown into it 2013-14, it is referred to as the second death. this sounds more like extinction than eternal torment. is is possible that the fire has different effects on supernatural entities such as the devil, and humans? 2 thessalonians 16-10 similarly, what is everlasting destruction? this is not necessarily eternal torment. this one can clearly be understood either way, but i think its at least possible to think that everlasting is being used to contrast the kind of destruction that can occur in this life with the final destruction that occurs in eternity. 2 thessalonians 28 again talks about destruction. revelation 216-8 see comment above revelation 149-12 is probably the best of the quotes. even there, it doesnt explicitly say that the people suffer forever. it says that the smoke and presumably the fire is eternal, and that there is no respite from it. but it doesnt say that the people are tormented forever. psalm 917 i dont see that it says anything relevant to this issue.