owieneramus. always has to stick his asalasdpaarf made nose into every discussion with non-points and lies. well, still anxiously awaiting... source cemal kutay, ottoman empire, vol. ii., p. 188. the atrocities and massacres which have been committed for a long time against the muslim population within the armenian republic have been confirmed with very accurate information, and the observations made by rawlinson, the british representative in erzurum, have confirmed that these atrocities are being committed by the armenians. the united states delegation of general harbord has seen the thousands of refugees who came to take refuge with kazim karabekirs soldiers, hungry and miserable, their children and wives, their properties destroyed, and the delegation was a witness to the cruelties. many muslim villages have been destroyed by the soldiers of armenian troops armed with cannons and machine guns before the eyes of karabekirs troops and the people. when it was hoped that this operation would end, unfortunately since the beginning of february the cruelties inflicted on the muslim population of the region of shuraghel, akpazar, zarshad, and childir have increased. according to documented information, 28 muslim villages have been destroyed in the aforementioned region, more than 2,000 people have been slaughtered, many possessions and livestock have been seized, young muslim women have been taken to kars and gumru, thousands of women and children who were able to flee their villages were beaten, raped and massacred in the mountains, and this aggression against the properties, lives, chastity and honour of the muslims continued. it was the responsibility of the armenian government that the cruelties and massacres be stopped in order to alleviate the tensions of muslim public opinion due to the atrocities committed by the armenians, that the possessions taken from the muslims be returned and that indemnities be paid, that the properties, lives, and honour of the muslims be protected. serdar argic